Day 1
Mini Baileys Basque cheesecakes
Basque cheesecakes are known for their dark, “burnt” look. These mini versions are made in a silicone cupcake pan and flavoured with Baileys Irish Cream liqueur. They are extra creamy and indulgent, a perfect dinner party dessert.

Day 2
Baked lemon tart
Light, refreshing and tangy, this baked lemon tart is a timeless classic.

Day 3
Air fryer Gaytime custard doughnuts
Featuring a whole block of Caramilk, four sticks of Gaytime ice-cream and Arnott’s TV Snacks, this dessert is not for the faint-hearted. However, being made in an air-fryer, it's not oily like other doughnut recipes. Instead, you are left with soft, pillowy balls, oozing warm Golden Gaytime custard.

Day 4
Lemon dream dessert
This super easy no-bake cheesecake slice has a creamy lemon centre and a buttery biscuit base.

Day 5
Caramilk custard slice
A creamy Caramilk custard filling sandwiched between Malt 'o' Milk biscuits - what's not to love about this no-bake slice?

Day 6
Air fryer Caramilk bomboloni
These mini doughnuts, filled with Caramilk custard make the perfect indulgent treat.

Day 7
Lemon and custard croissant pudding
Use store bought ingredients like lemon curd to upgrade the classic bread and butter fave to a luxe winter pud. Even better, there's only 5 ingredients needed to make it.

Day 8
Caramilk Anzac cheesecake
A dessert match made in heaven: Caramilk, Anzac biscuits and creamy, creamy cheesecake.

Day 9
Baileys cheesecake
New York baked cheesecake on the bottom, creamy Baileys on top - does dessert get any better?

Day 10
Pie maker cheesecake swirl brownies
Our cheesecake swirl brownies are an easy decadant dessert - guaranteed to impresss.

Day 11
Cloudy lemon pie
With a buttery biscuit base, creamy sweetened condensed milk filling and topping of whipped cream, this zesty light-as-air pie is every baker's dream.

Day 12
Bomboloni
This traditional Italian pastry is similar to a doughnut and is filled with a rich vanilla cream.

Day 13
White Christmas cheesecake
This easy no-bake cheesecake has a white Christmas base and topping of whipped cream, Turkish delight, m&m's and marshmallows for a festive dessert anyone can make.

Day 14
Easy Christmas trifle wreath
For the easiest-ever no-cook Christmas dessert you can't beat this trifle wreath made from jelly, sponge rolls, custard and cream.

Day 15
Muffin pan lemon custard tarts
This cheat's version of classic custard tarts has a lemony twist and uses a muffin pan and packet of butternut snap cookies to create the bases.

Day 16
Espresso martini baked cheesecake
What to know how to make espresso martini even better? Turn this classic cocktail into a creamy baked cheesecake with a choc ripple biscuit base.

Day 17
Espresso martini ripple cakes
Espresso martini meets cake! With Choc Ripple biscuits and coffee-flavoured liqueur, this recipe is a perfect after-dinner treat (for adult's only).

Day 18
Lemon ripple cheesecake
The lusciously light lemony centre makes this dessert cheesecake a standout.

Day 19
Golden syrup microwave mug cake
Ready in 10 minutes, this microwave golden syrup mug cake is a perfectly easy Nanna-inspired dessert.

Day 20
Ferrero Rocher brownies
For a decadent dessert, try these gooey brownies made with Nutella and Ferrero Rocher chocolates.

Day 21
Chocolate bowls
Make beautiful edible bowls of white, milk or dark chocolate using an inflated balloon as a mould. You can even customise them with your favourite nuts and sprinkles.

Day 22
Lemon meringue lamingtons
These deliciously light lemon meringue lamingtons (or lemingtons as we like to call them) are filled with tangy lemon curd and creamy meringue buttercream and coated in shredded coconut.

Day 23
New York baked cheesecake
Take the cake and master the basics with this creamy baked version of a classic dessert.

Day 24
Chocolate raspberry danish
Filled with toasted hazelnuts, juicy raspberries and dark chocolate, this golden danish is best served warm, with a little extra chocolate drizzled on top.

Day 25
Banana caramel slice
This is one of my favourite treats to pack for picnics, lunchboxes and school fetes – I do love a sneaky shortcut!" - Michelle Southan

Day 26
Lemon delicious slice
The bake-sale classic gets a fun makeover with slices that are a cut above the rest!

Day 27
Lemon cheesecake ice-cube tray dessert pies
Puff pastry is the perfect base for quick and simple desserts and here, with the help of an ice-cube tray, we've turned it into a bite-size treat you just have to try. Fill the little parcels with lemon curd and marshmallow and watch them disappear.

Day 28
Butterscotch shortbread slice
With a buttery shortbread base, rich butterscotch sauce filling and topping of melted Caramilk chocolate, this slice is impossible to resist.  

Day 29
Condensed milk Anzac slab
This moreish slice contains only five ingredients and takes 10 minutes to prep. The Caramilk and condensed milk combo give it a rich caramel flavour, that will ensure you come back to this recipe time and time again.

Day 30
2-minute tiramisu
This recipe's name speaks for itself. A lovely tiramisu treat for yourself and a friend - done in two minutes.